h1. Readme

h2. License

All contents in this repository are licensed under *Eclipse Public License 1.0*

h2. Contact

* forum: eclipse.org/forums/eclipse.recommenders
* twitter: @ide20 - or - @MarcelBruch; hashtags: "#eclipse #recommenders" - or - "#ide20"
* irc: irc.freenode.net/#eclipse-recommenders
* dev mailing-list: recommenders-dev@eclipse.org

h2. Installation

h3. Users

*Users* install code recommenders via the code recommenders update site - not directly from source. 

For further details on the project visit its homepage http://eclipse.org/recommenders.
In the case of problems point your browser to http://eclipse.org/forums/eclipse.recommenders.

h3. Developers

# Clone this git repository.
# Run 'mvn clean install' once from the git repository root directory (probably the same folder you find this readme file.
# Import all projects into your Eclipse workspace.
# Set the workspace's target platform.
## Go to org.eclipse.recommenders.releng
## Open 'devel-3.6.target' target definition with target platform editor
## Wait until Eclipse resolved all dependencies. Check the progress view to see when resolving finished.
## Now press 'Set as target platform' on the upper right of the editor
# Wait until workspace is rebuild and all compile errors went away (maybe except from the testdata project) 
# Done. Start your Eclipse runtime and trigger code completion on some Eclipse UI classes.

In the case of problems point your browser to http://eclipse.org/forums/eclipse.recommenders - or -
Consider sending an email to developer mailing-list. For instructions how o join
the mailing list visit http://eclipse.org/recommenders/ 

In the case you want to contribute to the project check out the developer resources. Visit 
http://eclipse.org/recommenders/ _Getting Involved_ section.



h2. Examples - Contributing Your Own Recommender

If you would like to create your recommenders, check out the org.eclipse.recommenders.examples.*
projects contained in this repository. They provide minimal examples how to integrate with code
recommenders.

Please consider joining the developers mailing-list and post your ideas in the code recommenders forum.

h2. Further Documentation

Visit http://www.eclipse.org/recommenders/ for more information on the project.